Iterator syntax (among other) (#153)
glpi-project/docdev: source/upgradeguides/glpi-10.1.rst

   +        $(body).append(json_encode('<p>' . htmlspecialchars($content) . '</p>'));
       </script>
   ';

Query builder usage
+++++++++++++++++++

Since it has been implemented, internal query builder (named `DBMysqlIterator`) do accept several syntaxes; that make things complex:

1. conditions (including table name as `FROM` array key) as first (and only) parameter.
2. table name as first parameter and condition as second parameter,
3. raw SQL queries,

> The most logical one was only the first one, therefore all other has now been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mostly used and the easier to maintain was the first one. The second one has been deprecated and the thrird one has been prohibited or security reasons.
```

> I you were using the second syntax,you will replace as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I you were using the second syntax, you will need to replace as follows:
```
